Change from 'is' to 'are' (#21811)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/serialization/system-text-json-character-casing.md

By default, deserialization looks for case-sensitive property name matches between JSON and the target object properties. To change that behavior, set <xref:System.Text.Json.JsonSerializerOptions.PropertyNameCaseInsensitive?displayProperty=nameWithType> to `true`:

> [!NOTE]

> > The [web defaults](system-text-json-configure-options.md#web-defaults-for-jsonserializeroptions) are case-insensitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The [web default](system-text-json-configure-options.md#web-defaults-for-jsonserializeroptions) is case-insensitive.
```
